README.md, before:

# Collection of Saint Kabir's Couplets

In this GitHub repository, we have compiled a collection of the remarkable couplets of the great saint Kabir. Kabir's couplets are an essential part of Indian literature and religious tradition, and in this repository, you will find a collection of his instructive and deeply emotional couplets.

This repository may serve as a valuable resource for our collection and can help in learning and understanding the couplets of Saint Kabir more deeply. All devotees and literature enthusiasts are invited to contribute to this effort.

> If you are interested in bhajans of Kabirdas and other saints, you can also check out our other repository [Teachings of Saints (Santon ki Seekh)](https://github.com/vijayhardaha/santo-ki-seekh/).

## Details

In this repository, we have compiled a collection of some of Saint Kabir's couplets, which are as follows:

- [दोहे संग्रह - 01 से 50 तक][markdown-01-to-50]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 51 से 100 तक][markdown-51-to-100]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 101 से 150 तक][markdown-101-to-150]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 151 से 200 तक][markdown-151-to-200]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 201 से 250 तक][markdown-201-to-250]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 251 से 300 तक][markdown-251-to-300]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 301 से 350 तक][markdown-301-to-350]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 351 से 400 तक][markdown-351-to-400]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 401 से 450 तक][markdown-401-to-450]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 451 से 500 तक][markdown-451-to-500]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 501 से 550 तक][markdown-501-to-550]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 551 से 600 तक][markdown-551-to-600]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 601 से 650 तक][markdown-601-to-650]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 651 से 700 तक][markdown-651-to-700]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 701 से 750 तक][markdown-701-to-750]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 751 से 800 तक][markdown-751-to-800]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 801 से 850 तक][markdown-801-to-850]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 851 से 900 तक][markdown-851-to-900]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 901 से 950 तक][markdown-901-to-950]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 951 से 1000 तक][markdown-951-to-1000]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1001 से 1050 तक][markdown-1001-to-1050]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1051 से 1100 तक][markdown-1051-to-1100]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1101 से 1150 तक][markdown-1101-to-1150]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1151 से 1200 तक][markdown-1151-to-1200]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1201 से 1250 तक][markdown-1201-to-1250]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1251 से 1300 तक][markdown-1251-to-1300]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1301 से 1350 तक][markdown-1301-to-1350]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1351 से 1400 तक][markdown-1351-to-1400]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1401 से 1450 तक][markdown-1401-to-1450]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1451 से 1500 तक][markdown-1451-to-1500]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1501 से 1550 तक][markdown-1501-to-1550]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1551 से 1600 तक][markdown-1551-to-1600]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1601 से 1650 तक][markdown-1601-to-1650]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1651 से 1700 तक][markdown-1651-to-1700]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1701 से 1750 तक][markdown-1701-to-1750]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1751 से 1800 तक][markdown-1751-to-1800]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1801 से 1850 तक][markdown-1801-to-1850]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1851 से 1900 तक][markdown-1851-to-1900]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1901 से 1950 तक][markdown-1901-to-1950]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1951 से 2000 तक][markdown-1951-to-2000]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 2001 से 2050 तक][markdown-2001-to-2050]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 2051 से 2100 तक][markdown-2051-to-2100]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 2101 से 2150 तक][markdown-2101-to-2150]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 2151 से 2200 तक][markdown-2151-to-2200]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 2201 से 2250 तक][markdown-2201-to-2250]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 2251 से 2300 तक][markdown-2251-to-2300]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 2301 से 2350 तक][markdown-2301-to-2350]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 2351 से 2400 तक][markdown-2351-to-2400]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 2401 से 2450 तक][markdown-2401-to-2450]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 2451 से 2500 तक][markdown-2451-to-2500]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 2501 से 2550 तक][markdown-2501-to-2550]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 2551 से 2600 तक][markdown-2551-to-2600]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 2601 से 2650 तक][markdown-2601-to-2650]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 2651 से 2700 तक][markdown-2651-to-2700]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 2701 से 2750 तक][markdown-2701-to-2750]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 2751 से 2800 तक][markdown-2751-to-2800]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 2801 से 2850 तक][markdown-2801-to-2850]

[markdown-01-to-50]: collections/collection-01-to-50.md
[markdown-51-to-100]: collections/collection-51-to-100.md
[markdown-101-to-150]: collections/collection-101-to-150.md
[markdown-151-to-200]: collections/collection-151-to-200.md
[markdown-201-to-250]: collections/collection-201-to-250.md
[markdown-251-to-300]: collections/collection-251-to-300.md
[markdown-301-to-350]: collections/collection-301-to-350.md
[markdown-351-to-400]: collections/collection-351-to-400.md
[markdown-401-to-450]: collections/collection-401-to-450.md
[markdown-451-to-500]: collections/collection-451-to-500.md
[markdown-501-to-550]: collections/collection-501-to-550.md
[markdown-551-to-600]: collections/collection-551-to-600.md
[markdown-601-to-650]: collections/collection-601-to-650.md
[markdown-651-to-700]: collections/collection-651-to-700.md
[markdown-701-to-750]: collections/collection-701-to-750.md
[markdown-751-to-800]: collections/collection-751-to-800.md
[markdown-801-to-850]: collections/collection-801-to-850.md
[markdown-851-to-900]: collections/collection-851-to-900.md
[markdown-901-to-950]: collections/collection-901-to-950.md
[markdown-951-to-1000]: collections/collection-951-to-1000.md
[markdown-1001-to-1050]: collections/collection-1001-to-1050.md
[markdown-1051-to-1100]: collections/collection-1051-to-1100.md
[markdown-1101-to-1150]: collections/collection-1101-to-1150.md
[markdown-1151-to-1200]: collections/collection-1151-to-1200.md
[markdown-1201-to-1250]: collections/collection-1201-to-1250.md
[markdown-1251-to-1300]: collections/collection-1251-to-1300.md
[markdown-1301-to-1350]: collections/collection-1301-to-1350.md
[markdown-1351-to-1400]: collections/collection-1351-to-1400.md
[markdown-1401-to-1450]: collections/collection-1401-to-1450.md
[markdown-1451-to-1500]: collections/collection-1451-to-1500.md
[markdown-1501-to-1550]: collections/collection-1501-to-1550.md
[markdown-1551-to-1600]: collections/collection-1551-to-1600.md
[markdown-1601-to-1650]: collections/collection-1601-to-1650.md
[markdown-1651-to-1700]: collections/collection-1651-to-1700.md
[markdown-1701-to-1750]: collections/collection-1701-to-1750.md
[markdown-1751-to-1800]: collections/collection-1751-to-1800.md
[markdown-1801-to-1850]: collections/collection-1801-to-1850.md
[markdown-1851-to-1900]: collections/collection-1851-to-1900.md
[markdown-1901-to-1950]: collections/collection-1901-to-1950.md
[markdown-1951-to-2000]: collections/collection-1951-to-2000.md
[markdown-2001-to-2050]: collections/collection-2001-to-2050.md
[markdown-2051-to-2100]: collections/collection-2051-to-2100.md
[markdown-2101-to-2150]: collections/collection-2101-to-2150.md
[markdown-2151-to-2200]: collections/collection-2151-to-2200.md
[markdown-2201-to-2250]: collections/collection-2201-to-2250.md
[markdown-2251-to-2300]: collections/collection-2251-to-2300.md
[markdown-2301-to-2350]: collections/collection-2301-to-2350.md
[markdown-2351-to-2400]: collections/collection-2351-to-2400.md
[markdown-2401-to-2450]: collections/collection-2401-to-2450.md
[markdown-2451-to-2500]: collections/collection-2451-to-2500.md
[markdown-2501-to-2550]: collections/collection-2501-to-2550.md
[markdown-2551-to-2600]: collections/collection-2551-to-2600.md
[markdown-2601-to-2650]: collections/collection-2601-to-2650.md
[markdown-2651-to-2700]: collections/collection-2651-to-2700.md
[markdown-2701-to-2750]: collections/collection-2701-to-2750.md
[markdown-2751-to-2800]: collections/collection-2751-to-2800.md
[markdown-2801-to-2850]: collections/collection-2801-to-2850.md

## Contribution

If you have Kabir's couplets and would like to add them to this collection, please submit a pull request. We welcome all contributions.

If you wish to create something related to Kabirdas's couplets and need data for all the couplets, you can obtain the data from the API URL created by us:

```bash
curl https://santo-ki-seekh.netlify.app/api/kabir-ke-dohe/
```

## License

This repository is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

docs(readme): add steps for markdown to pdf

README.md, after:

# Collection of Saint Kabir's Couplets

In this GitHub repository, we have compiled a collection of the remarkable couplets of the great saint Kabir. Kabir's couplets are an essential part of Indian literature and religious tradition, and in this repository, you will find a collection of his instructive and deeply emotional couplets.

This repository may serve as a valuable resource for our collection and can help in learning and understanding the couplets of Saint Kabir more deeply. All devotees and literature enthusiasts are invited to contribute to this effort.

> If you are interested in bhajans of Kabirdas and other saints, you can also check out our other repository [Teachings of Saints (Santon ki Seekh)](https://github.com/vijayhardaha/santo-ki-seekh/).

## Details

In this repository, we have compiled a collection of some of Saint Kabir's couplets, which are as follows:

- [दोहे संग्रह - 01 से 50 तक][markdown-01-to-50]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 51 से 100 तक][markdown-51-to-100]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 101 से 150 तक][markdown-101-to-150]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 151 से 200 तक][markdown-151-to-200]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 201 से 250 तक][markdown-201-to-250]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 251 से 300 तक][markdown-251-to-300]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 301 से 350 तक][markdown-301-to-350]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 351 से 400 तक][markdown-351-to-400]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 401 से 450 तक][markdown-401-to-450]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 451 से 500 तक][markdown-451-to-500]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 501 से 550 तक][markdown-501-to-550]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 551 से 600 तक][markdown-551-to-600]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 601 से 650 तक][markdown-601-to-650]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 651 से 700 तक][markdown-651-to-700]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 701 से 750 तक][markdown-701-to-750]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 751 से 800 तक][markdown-751-to-800]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 801 से 850 तक][markdown-801-to-850]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 851 से 900 तक][markdown-851-to-900]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 901 से 950 तक][markdown-901-to-950]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 951 से 1000 तक][markdown-951-to-1000]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1001 से 1050 तक][markdown-1001-to-1050]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1051 से 1100 तक][markdown-1051-to-1100]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1101 से 1150 तक][markdown-1101-to-1150]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1151 से 1200 तक][markdown-1151-to-1200]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1201 से 1250 तक][markdown-1201-to-1250]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1251 से 1300 तक][markdown-1251-to-1300]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1301 से 1350 तक][markdown-1301-to-1350]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1351 से 1400 तक][markdown-1351-to-1400]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1401 से 1450 तक][markdown-1401-to-1450]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1451 से 1500 तक][markdown-1451-to-1500]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1501 से 1550 तक][markdown-1501-to-1550]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1551 से 1600 तक][markdown-1551-to-1600]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1601 से 1650 तक][markdown-1601-to-1650]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1651 से 1700 तक][markdown-1651-to-1700]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1701 से 1750 तक][markdown-1701-to-1750]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1751 से 1800 तक][markdown-1751-to-1800]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1801 से 1850 तक][markdown-1801-to-1850]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1851 से 1900 तक][markdown-1851-to-1900]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1901 से 1950 तक][markdown-1901-to-1950]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 1951 से 2000 तक][markdown-1951-to-2000]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 2001 से 2050 तक][markdown-2001-to-2050]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 2051 से 2100 तक][markdown-2051-to-2100]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 2101 से 2150 तक][markdown-2101-to-2150]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 2151 से 2200 तक][markdown-2151-to-2200]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 2201 से 2250 तक][markdown-2201-to-2250]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 2251 से 2300 तक][markdown-2251-to-2300]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 2301 से 2350 तक][markdown-2301-to-2350]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 2351 से 2400 तक][markdown-2351-to-2400]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 2401 से 2450 तक][markdown-2401-to-2450]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 2451 से 2500 तक][markdown-2451-to-2500]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 2501 से 2550 तक][markdown-2501-to-2550]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 2551 से 2600 तक][markdown-2551-to-2600]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 2601 से 2650 तक][markdown-2601-to-2650]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 2651 से 2700 तक][markdown-2651-to-2700]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 2701 से 2750 तक][markdown-2701-to-2750]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 2751 से 2800 तक][markdown-2751-to-2800]
- [दोहे संग्रह - 2801 से 2850 तक][markdown-2801-to-2850]

[markdown-01-to-50]: collections/collection-01-to-50.md
[markdown-51-to-100]: collections/collection-51-to-100.md
[markdown-101-to-150]: collections/collection-101-to-150.md
[markdown-151-to-200]: collections/collection-151-to-200.md
[markdown-201-to-250]: collections/collection-201-to-250.md
[markdown-251-to-300]: collections/collection-251-to-300.md
[markdown-301-to-350]: collections/collection-301-to-350.md
[markdown-351-to-400]: collections/collection-351-to-400.md
[markdown-401-to-450]: collections/collection-401-to-450.md
[markdown-451-to-500]: collections/collection-451-to-500.md
[markdown-501-to-550]: collections/collection-501-to-550.md
[markdown-551-to-600]: collections/collection-551-to-600.md
[markdown-601-to-650]: collections/collection-601-to-650.md
[markdown-651-to-700]: collections/collection-651-to-700.md
[markdown-701-to-750]: collections/collection-701-to-750.md
[markdown-751-to-800]: collections/collection-751-to-800.md
[markdown-801-to-850]: collections/collection-801-to-850.md
[markdown-851-to-900]: collections/collection-851-to-900.md
[markdown-901-to-950]: collections/collection-901-to-950.md
[markdown-951-to-1000]: collections/collection-951-to-1000.md
[markdown-1001-to-1050]: collections/collection-1001-to-1050.md
[markdown-1051-to-1100]: collections/collection-1051-to-1100.md
[markdown-1101-to-1150]: collections/collection-1101-to-1150.md
[markdown-1151-to-1200]: collections/collection-1151-to-1200.md
[markdown-1201-to-1250]: collections/collection-1201-to-1250.md
[markdown-1251-to-1300]: collections/collection-1251-to-1300.md
[markdown-1301-to-1350]: collections/collection-1301-to-1350.md
[markdown-1351-to-1400]: collections/collection-1351-to-1400.md
[markdown-1401-to-1450]: collections/collection-1401-to-1450.md
[markdown-1451-to-1500]: collections/collection-1451-to-1500.md
[markdown-1501-to-1550]: collections/collection-1501-to-1550.md
[markdown-1551-to-1600]: collections/collection-1551-to-1600.md
[markdown-1601-to-1650]: collections/collection-1601-to-1650.md
[markdown-1651-to-1700]: collections/collection-1651-to-1700.md
[markdown-1701-to-1750]: collections/collection-1701-to-1750.md
[markdown-1751-to-1800]: collections/collection-1751-to-1800.md
[markdown-1801-to-1850]: collections/collection-1801-to-1850.md
[markdown-1851-to-1900]: collections/collection-1851-to-1900.md
[markdown-1901-to-1950]: collections/collection-1901-to-1950.md
[markdown-1951-to-2000]: collections/collection-1951-to-2000.md
[markdown-2001-to-2050]: collections/collection-2001-to-2050.md
[markdown-2051-to-2100]: collections/collection-2051-to-2100.md
[markdown-2101-to-2150]: collections/collection-2101-to-2150.md
[markdown-2151-to-2200]: collections/collection-2151-to-2200.md
[markdown-2201-to-2250]: collections/collection-2201-to-2250.md
[markdown-2251-to-2300]: collections/collection-2251-to-2300.md
[markdown-2301-to-2350]: collections/collection-2301-to-2350.md
[markdown-2351-to-2400]: collections/collection-2351-to-2400.md
[markdown-2401-to-2450]: collections/collection-2401-to-2450.md
[markdown-2451-to-2500]: collections/collection-2451-to-2500.md
[markdown-2501-to-2550]: collections/collection-2501-to-2550.md
[markdown-2551-to-2600]: collections/collection-2551-to-2600.md
[markdown-2601-to-2650]: collections/collection-2601-to-2650.md
[markdown-2651-to-2700]: collections/collection-2651-to-2700.md
[markdown-2701-to-2750]: collections/collection-2701-to-2750.md
[markdown-2751-to-2800]: collections/collection-2751-to-2800.md
[markdown-2801-to-2850]: collections/collection-2801-to-2850.md

## Converting Markdown Files to PDF

To convert Markdown files from the raw GitHub repository into PDF format, you can use the online tool [md2pdf.netlify.app](https://md2pdf.netlify.app). This tool allows you to easily transform Markdown files into well-formatted PDFs.

Here's how you can convert the Markdown files from GitHub to PDF:

1. **Access the Raw Markdown File**: Navigate to the raw version of the Markdown file in the GitHub repository. You can do this by clicking on the "Raw" button when viewing the file on GitHub. This will display the file in plain text.

2. **Copy the Raw Markdown Code**: Select and copy all the raw Markdown code from the file.

3. **Visit md2pdf**: Open [md2pdf.netlify.app](https://md2pdf.netlify.app) in your web browser.

4. **Paste the Markdown Code**: On the md2pdf website, paste the copied Markdown code into the provided text area or upload the Markdown file if the tool supports direct file uploads.

5. **Convert to PDF**: Click the button to start the conversion process. The tool will process the Markdown and generate a PDF file.

6. **Download the PDF**: Once the conversion is complete, download the PDF from the website.

This method allows you to efficiently convert Markdown files directly from GitHub into PDF format for easier sharing and presentation.

## Contribution

If you have Kabir's couplets and would like to add them to this collection, please submit a pull request. We welcome all contributions.

If you wish to create something related to Kabirdas's couplets and need data for all the couplets, you can obtain the data from the API URL created by us:

```bash
curl https://santo-ki-seekh.netlify.app/api/kabir-ke-dohe/
```

## License

This repository is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
